eighth-seeded million receive leo ranked
tenth only two points separate both
teams un Goku starts for yo but his
father coach for the opposing team is
still recovering from surgery yo yo our
first attack if I go Drake's the ball
but it goes just wide and grazes the
goalpost it was deflected your half
possession the cross to Kobe's it goes
over the defender beats him to the ball
you again
when a beautiful ball movement as goku's
the flex the ball for any who shoots and
scores superb teamwork and what a pass
by crew chief draymond Gagne leaves no
chance to the keeper halftime yo lead
one to nothing many gods men want to
erase the memory of a disappointing tie
against Marseille
the cross like I said church gobies
follows attend 49th minute bafetimbi
Gomis scores his seventh goal of the
season vilonia reacts he shoots he
scores vessel Abu Bakr reduces the score
he is having a marvelous season he is
the lead third scorer with 11 behind
company and Ibrahimovic loyal keep
pushing the rare oh shoots and the
keeper has it on to the Lopez back with
surprise replacement Guerrero again with
a shot or chuckles just was it's
deflected by Lopez the grass it's headed
to Guerrero who crosses it again the
header scores at the last second now he
ties the game his first goal of the
season and what across by Guerrero who
has been excellent the second half once
again yum can't hold on to a victory
after a two nothing lead tie game
you